HELM-293: support string properties in performance datasource (#319)
OpenNMS/opennms-helm: docs/modules/datasources/pages/performance_datasource.adoc

                       Must be unique for all attributes and expression results in the query.
|===

=== String property queries

> Used to read the last value of string valued properties that OpenNMS collects and stores. The query is used to identify which string property is queried. A panel can contain multiple string property queries. The result can be visualized in a table. Grafana's transforms like "Filter by name", "Organize Fields", or "Merge" can be used to adjust the visualized table as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to read the last value of string-valued properties that OpenNMS collects and stores.
The query identifies which string property is queried. 
A panel can contain multiple string property queries. 
The result can be visualized in a table. 
Use Grafana's transforms like "Filter by name", "Organize Fields", or "Merge" to adjust the visualized table as needed.
```
Each sentence needs to be on a separate line.

[options="header, autowidth"]

> |===
> | Name               | Description
> | Node               | Node ID of the node to query.
> Can also be a variable with a `nodeFilter()` query.
> | Resource           | Resource ID containing the requested attribute.
> Can also be a variable with a `nodeResources()` query.
> | String Property    | Name of the attribute to query.
> |===

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|===
| Name
| Description

| Node
| Node ID of the node to query.
Can also be a variable with a `nodeFilter()` query.

| Resource
| Resource ID containing the requested attribute.
Can also be a variable with a `nodeResources()` query.

| String Property
| Name of the attribute to query.
|===
```
